So let me tell you how it's going to be: the connection between the squadron commander and the wing commander. If there are two wing commanders, it's okay; they can distinguish because I will put a name for that specific PC so they can distinguish. There is another way: I want you to do it another way, which is from squadron to wing commander, from wing commander to the squadron commander, and from here the squadron commander cannot send to the base commander; only the wing commander can send to the base commander. Okay did you understand this? I think you get it but also there is that the wing commander can approve or edit and send it back to that specific squadron commander, okay, or that PC. Make it easy: when they adjust or edit they have the ability, by default, to resend it to that specific PC so they don't mis-conflict or miss which PC it was. You can highlight what changed on the other one that received it but when they print it the highlight doesn't show; it's like obvious; it's like the highlight is not going to be shown. The PC or pilot ops doesn't get anything. They can reject it and they can accept it and they can put it on hold: approve, reject, put it on hold, and edit. They will get notified on the other end or the other PC that sent the flight schedule; they will notify that the flight schedule is on hold.

The private messages and alert direction are from the head, from the base commander, and from the wing commander, okay but this will be sent to any PC. The private messages can be sent from the squadron commanders to the wing commanders, to the other squadron commanders, and to the head or the base commanders, back and forth; they both can send and receive from each other. Only the squadron commanders, the wing commanders, and the base commander can send and receive private messages. They can reply or they can just mark as read and it will go to the history. They have the ability to put auto-delete after whatever day they want, maximum up to 50 days. Yeah it's a good thing, the argent or a red priority flag, like white, is like a normal message; yellow is medium; red is really a high-priority message. They can send an attachment; no, no, no, no, available for attachments only text; free text but make it in a really professional design. I want to make it like really good designed messages. 