After this task I am going to sleep so make it right, make it the way I want. Listen now, I want you to do what the real squadron using this app would do, which is you will add sorties. This is a demo test; you run it in the background; I don't want to see it. You run it coding; you run it, whatever you want, just make sure that you do it right.

Do the test, do the full scan, do everything right. You will start by adding sorties. You can add sorties from the past so it can reflect on the looks and reflect all the results on the final test. You will add sorties, you will add rosters, you will add pilot roster. You will add sorties using roster option or, sorry, using guest option; that means that another Operation Pilot PC needs to be set up.

You do it full demo using simulation demo. Everything you start by putting different sorty types: irt, see how it's going to affect where the hour is going to be, emergency medivac, different courses. Do it and, by the way, simulate that other squadrons might use it. Okay keep that in your mind.

Now, going to the external pilot check, what it is going to do is it going to put the guest pilot name and military number or whatever? Going to the schedule chain, try sending demo schedule for different PCs. Simulate that in different squadrons' messages, the same pilot roster we've been through that, so add and do adjust. Put everything: try the initial hours, try the calculations, try everything. Currency view, six-month cycle, check if the calculation for the first half is right, if the calculation for the second half is right, is the calculation based on the picture that I sent you or not because the names are, I think, different from the log books from the picture? Make sure that it's valid and good.

Leaves, check for everything in it. An available pilot, can I put an available from this period to this period? Please change the way I can put the periods. I want a calendar so I can make it easy for me. Duty week, put names because I set the setting. If you put names, it will automatically put the rank and the phone number.

Try it, print it, see the edges, is it right or not? Scan it and see the risk assessment. Do inputs: put the PC, copilot, crew, everything, and try to see how the calculation is right or wrong. The edges of the printed pages, I want this. If it's not in the NVG, if the NVG is not included, the first page will be this one, the one that you fill. If the NVG is included, the NVGs and the totals will be on the back side of the paper itself so it's only one paper, front and back. If the NVG is selected, if not there will be the calculation and the rest of it without the NVG.

No times, pilot unit manager. Try it, tested, and see PDF exports: does it export with the right edges? Does it export the pilot good? Does it export the squadrons' edges good? The things that need to be exported, is it working or what not?

Pilot reminders, historical input: adjust the historical input so I can add the XLS, I think, which is the Excel embedded or the Excel things. Make sure that it takes the archives after you put everything. Does it take the archives or not? The monthly reports, after everything, does the monthly report calculation and the autofill from data work? Try that on different squadrons also.

This is a full, comprehensive test. Please think smart with it and give me the full report for it. You can cut it based on the priority: what I should do first? Should I demo connecting PCs? Should I create a first officer pilot for other squadrons so I can test the guest pilot pre-authorize, whatever it needs to do a full comprehensive test. 